---
layout: post
title: Coffins
--- 

Corona, coffin. They rhyme.

This is not the first time that world faces deadly pandemic. SARS, ebola, swine flu, infectious diseases grow and adapt with human advances. However, this is my first time facing it consciously, since now I'm on my own (not living with parents anymore), so I gotta face and equip by myself.

Of course we don't have this kind of situation everyday. But when the time comes, it  felt super difficult to deal with. It challenges our discipline, our consistency and our best to prevent the disease enter our body.

It's taking its toll. Coffins are piling up, cemeteries sealed and their family cannot mourn on their grave. That is unfortunate to have such a lonely death. 

**This thou shall pass**. During this uncomfortable time, keeping that in mind is important to stay sane, especially when we are on self-quarantine. The lack of social interactions are killing us (*aside from the virus itself, hehehe*).

But this is **temporary**. There will come a time when you can go out casually, grabbing coffee without wearing mask. The time when you can go to amusement park without worry. A time when you can go with your loved ones, spending happy time together without fear of getting infected.

Now I realized that the opportunity of going outside, talking with friends and having meal together is precious. I took them for granted, and now I'm longing for it. The late-evening coffee talks with friends, accompanied with the full moon as you laugh to their jokes.

Or the opportunity to feel the wind glances through my shoulder as I do my afternoon run. The raindrops on my hair when I was late to catch the last bus. Splashed mud on my legging when I stepped on watery road.

Wishing us, our parents, relatives and beloved friends   health and productive day. Please enjoy the company of yourself, as this is a good time to do it. It may not last long. Hasta la vista!