---
layout: post
title: empire
--- 

people often asked, right, what would you be when you grow up?

and, suddenly, you become a grown up. An adult.

when I was young, I always had anxiety that I may not live my expectation of my idea of grown up - until I am. That's kinda scary, but that actually *happened*. *I kinda live my own expectation*.

ok let's get back to initial question. what will I be when I grow up (a little older)?

one thing I learned about life, having determined trait also means having dynamic expectations throughout life. Expectations are like milestones - so I have reached milestone A, it's time to reach milestone B. You only in a satisfied position for a while, until your mind whispers you at night: so that's all you become?

Nah, nah. That's not all of me, you unsatiable mind.

being in the metropole for the last three years, influence me a lot. who's and what's around, shape the next milestone.

twenties are about finding the right circle that you'll keep for the rest of your life - friends, partner, colleagues, relatives - or you build your own.

I'm dreaming of building an empire. I imagine myself teaching little version of me the concept of hospitality (manner's first, ofc). I'll teach them about interest. While the other one, teaching the idea of how terrible Nodejs is (hahaha). 

Will not to push them hard on school, just making sure they got the basics (but if they want to, I'll let them). Teaching them fundamental analysis and how to read candlestick chart, foreign exchange, recession, capital gain. I'll be one happy lady to open them trading account and let them ruin small part of money, for them to try invest by themselves.

In the meantime, I'll introduce them one beauty of life: craftmanship. Building good things with your own hands, that puts food in your table, keeps water flows in the tap.

And most important part: one of them should take econ major - for the love of God someone has to have higher financial literacy and shed us light (hahahaha).

I'll build small stores. Delegate responsibilites when they are bit older, until they are ready on their own feet. Fast forward several years ahead, we'll discuss business on dinner. Asking how is it going. What can we help? Helps them think so it's not heavy on their back only. That I'll be sweaty pig helping them assemble their second's store opening. That under the night's fluorescent light, I'm helping them reviews financial reports and identify what can be improved.

just a small empire. I'll let them grow it in their prime age. Why? Because I realize that tycoons, godfathers, do not have what they got in one lifetime. They carry on their inheritance and grow them bigger, God bless them and it florish.

so, that's my next milestone. building an empire, leaving a remarkable legacy that they'll not regret - being raised by someone who sincerely taught of and care for them before they even exists.

Love has no boundaries, right?