---
layout: post
title: Appeal
---

One thing I learned for the last twenty four years, is *nothing comes out of the blue*. Everything is an effect and comes from a cause.

Including enchantment. Nobody borns with it. Good news is, enchanment and appeal is something you can work on.

As human being, visual holds an essential role - it is the first channel we speak - or so called first impression. You may or may not consider your looks - but people is free to make their consideration from how you look like.

I wasn't bothered so much that I has to *at least* looks tidy and groom a bit until last year. I was oblivious when it comes to visual - I just picked what I like. Then I came to meeting, I met new people. It went fine.

Then one day, somehow I managed to put some nice clothes and groom a bit. Brushed my hair and cleaned my shoes before I arrived. The reaction was unexpected in a good way, they are more engaged to what I'm bringing to the table and more attentive to what I'm saying.

Since then, I always make time to tidy myself before meeting other people. It makes my job easier - I don't have to put much effort to make them stay in a conversation. Because, think about it - why would I spend energy to talk to someone if they don't listen to what I'm saying?

I'm returning a favor for their attention. Pleasing eyes and make them feel respected (because we prepared, invested some effort to meet them) is workable from my end. I'm willing to do it as it makes my job easier to communicate with people. It's just half the equation tho, but I'm halfway there.

I thought it would be hard at first. I rarely brush my hair before work (hahahaha), surprisingly now it comes like I has been doing it for years. I quickly adapt to new habits. I guess this color of me exists all this time, but I rarely let it out. 

Ever since my job is about meeting, meeting, organizing, meeting again - I find it crucial. So yeah, hello 2020, I'm bringing something more of me here!