---
layout: post
title: "chances"
--- 

I'm resigning in next three weeks. Will be having two spare weeks before jumping on my next hitchike.

I never thought make a new beginning is hard. I now enjoy the scenery from 18th-floor window much more than I ever did. Maybe because my new office don't have the same window.

I always thinking of having a new start. But now it's actually in front of my eyes, I feel my ground is a bit shaky. But don't get me wrong, I'm solid on my vision and what I'm gonna do next, this should be a little turbulence.

After some good thinking and considering my risk appetite for a job, this is a good option. I'm just wondering what I don't know, that hasn't been taken into account.

You know what? Someone told me that wrong decision is never such thing. It was the best decision, at the time it was made, with the information acknowledged at that time. I think some principal engineer in Gojek told me that, in a tech talk.

That is very true, indeed. How could you know everything in the world? Even google has false positives.

So, I'm taking a big breath. Having some sadness and hollowness as now I'm leaving a company that has been part of me for years, has shaped me, taught and guided me. Jenius is really a good company for growth and learning, I guarantee for tech peeps you should take a look there and see what they did. People at Jenius are awesome.

This is not about career, though. It's about self development. I feel myself developed super laggy lately, pace is slow. And I - as a super competitive and ambitious person I ever know - couldn't stand this any longer. Well, okay, career is important, but the self-development is paramount.

I'm worried the pace in next company is even slower that I have here, or too fast that I couldn't catch up.

I'm making a bet. On myself. Trusting your own decision is one of the hardest thing, right?

I never know what I'll find in my new company. I hope it could be next best thing that happens to me. Hoping for the best!
