---
layout: post
title: "where (should) my money go?"
--- 

As someone who spent childhood with no pocket money, almost two-third of people face the same problem. They get confused once the fortune sits on their lap. What should we do?

I'm super grateful at where I'm now, but journey doesn't end yet. But, in the journey, it's also important to utilize your resources in the best place they should be, including money.

But where that best place is, is the million dollar question. On asset? On learning? Anything? What?

I also take a look on my experience, right. I observe what I felt after spending the money.

I once spent several dollars on a cheap Chinese watch, and that's one of my best purchase in my life.
I once spent almost one-fourth of my savings in apartment down-payment, and it went nothing as I cancelled the purchase several months after. Not that I regret it, but it was a very expensive learning in my 20s. Hope I'll learn my next lesson in a much more cheaper price.

Currently I'm saving to buy something a bit pricier. But along the way, there's a chance to take my mom for holiday and having fun in Jakarta. And I did. It also cuts one-something of my savings, but I didn't regret it at all. Even if it costs me half my savings, I won't regret that either.

Now I know, what matters to me is not the number. It was the satisfaction afterwards.

There's when I find my zen in where should my money goes. The happiness that I get after exchanging the money. After all, the number doesn't give me anything but anxiety of what I should do with them. Right?

However, that doesn't mean I should buy anything that makes me happy anyway. Some of my Asian spirits is still sitting with me, with the thought that every penny should be spent wisely.

^^