---
layout: post
title: "Milli"
--- 

Hi everyone!

Wishing you all good health and fortune yaa. Happy Chinese New Year btw!

I still miss Tipang a lot, I wish I could take him here, to Jakarta - to give me company through deployments, issue handling, happiness, ups and downs.

Sadness still walk through my mind when I saw dogs on my instagram or tiktok feeds. Makes me wonder, how is he? What is he doing rn? Is he eating well? How big is he now?

I wish I can take him on a walk through Jakarta downtown with Milli - my new ride.

Oh ya, about Milli - I took Milli last year, thanks to PPNBM I saved 30mio. And I loved it.

One thing though, it's my first car. And this is my first time having car of my own - I never ride a car on daily basis before.

Dang, the feeling of fear is uncanny. My first two days was full of nervousness, and I keep to push myself to be more focus everytime on the road. It's another level of focus.

It's hard. It's my first time. I'm still getting used to it (and I will!).

It's hard. You know, when you have to keep your eyes on the road, the fear incarnate into clouds covering my mind - what if my position too right? Too left?

You know - that fear, somehow - turns the driving wheel somewhat left. Shimon kept reminding me of not turn the wheel left.

I tell you, my heart still races. When it's toll road and I'm at the middle lane - left's truck and right's speeding vehicles, the cloud is getting bigger and darker. I have to take control.

The fear has to be under control. I need not to focus on fear, I just need to focus on the road.

This is hard, I can feel it. The fear and the difficulties getting side by side - but one sentence that keeps me going: "I conquered coding once, I'm good at it and I conquered hardest person in the world (my thesis supervisor and my dad) - then this is a piece of cake.".

I conquered big things before. And I'm not going this far to go this far. I'm going to eat all the cakes I can eat - if it leads me to greater good and makes me a better person.

You know, it's not just once or twice that I reconsider this. Whether I should be able to drive or not. What's the opportunity cost here?

If I didn't took Milli (or any car in that matter), perhaps I can save the money. To buy what? Assets? Ok, that makes sense. I can buy a house, or an apartment.

The thing is, the house price here is out of sky. Too much. Need more money to have bargaining power. Besides, if I buy house before getting maried, I'll be lonely and being lonely in a house and a woman - it's kinda inviting robbers home.

Assets? Let's take that more on the next paragraph.

And the other side? If I put my savings to a car, then I'll be pushed to learn how to drive. What's driving ability bring to the game?

It brings me autonomy. I don't have to wait for ride hailing (I hate waiting, wasting my precious time doing nothing), and pay ridiculous fare. I can go wherever I want, comfortably, with AC, and the weather hardly affects the situation (if it's raining or sunny, compared to motorcycle's ride).

One thing I regret, when I brought my mom here for her medical treatment here, I really felt that I need to buy a car. I want to transport my family, people I loved without specific disturbance like ride fare or weather. I want us to travel happily, no need to wait anyone to drive us. Because I can drive. I can take them wherever they want to.

That's my biggest motivation to learn driving. Self-autonomous and helping my loved ones getting to their destination.

And I have my priorities straight. I'll learn, put my best to it. If it says I need not to fear, then I will. Whatever that makes me a better and safe driver, I'll take them. Without second thought.

Wishing me luck! And you too peeps! Have a good day yaaaaaaa!