---
layout: post
title: "tipang"
--- 

I've learned to deal with my emotions - happiness, anger, contempt, but there's one emotion I still have struggle to deal with - sadness.

So during my last end-year holiday, my mom brought a pup home. She thought he is cute, and perhaps her daughter (me) will enjoy his company while he is here.

And I absolutely am. I really love that pup. I named him Tipang as I know he will be only here for a short while (titipan is a phrase in Bahasa for something that's in your posession but not belongs to you, so I short it to Tipang cause I think Tipang's cute name).

Oh my God, I never know company from a pup will be lovely. He'll come by your side like whatever forms you have. He'll be beside you in your best or worse. He doesn't talk, he doesn't ask, he just sits there, smiles, checks on you every time, and follows you everywhere.

I taught him to sit. And he did it pretty well. Last trick I taught him was to greet (salam) but didn't manage, perhaps I used wrong technique.

I miss his barks. I miss he screams everytime I got back from outside and how he jumped to hug me when he sees me. How he look for me when he lost sight of me. How he sits by my side, licks my face and the concerned face of him when I fake a cough (he understands covid is no joke! hahaha). I miss his pampered voice when I didn't give him what he want, treats or didn't let him anywhere to sit on my lap. I miss his slobby sleep style.

God I miss him so much. I regret not having many recordings of his voice as now I'm craving his barks more than I expect I'll need. I think I'll be annoyed with his barks, but I ended up missing his voice much more than I thought.

Due to some difficulties, I cannot brought him here. He's back at the shelter. And I'll know he'll meet another master.

I hope he met the best master in the world. Who gives him big treats everytime. Who massaged his face when he got sleep. Who knows that he loves his meal with some butter. Who knows he loves chicken broths in his food. Who don't forget to give him drink after eats. Who lets him sleeps by his side. Who gives him warm home to live and not eat him ): . Who will gives him a lot of hugs and kisses.

I can do nothing from my side - it's devastating. I cannot be angry or mad to anything, because this is a bad fate, bad timing. I can only wish him good fortune, good master, healthy and longlast life, have lots of children and grandkids.

I wondered how he's doing now, where's he. I love him so much, and I miss him.